INSPIRED BY REAL EVENTS
NANGARHAR PROVINCE - AFGHANISTAN
She's alive! Take her to the hospital.
Don't worry. everything will be fine.
I don't remember. but I woke up
sweating and Monica was...
sleeping peacefully
by my side.
FEDERAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICE - COLOGNE
REINTEGRATION OFFICE - APRIL 2021
This often happens when taking Alprazolam.
Alprazolam is taken.
I prefer that to anxiety attacks.
If you still do not feel well
I can prescribe it again.
No. I feel fine.
I miss not being in the field.
But I got used to the office
and I am starting to feel better.
And about Monica. my girlfriend.
It was difficult for her when
I came back from Afghanistan.
Because of my post-traumatic stress
and all that.
But she was always by my side.
Do you wake up before or
after the accident?
And how does it feel to remember
what happened?
I am speaking to you from the same place where.
in October 2001.
President George Bush informed the nation
that the U.S. military.
It had begun to attack camps
terrorist training center in Afghanistan.
I went to Afghanistan. to the Kunar Valley.
And what I saw during this trip
reinforced my conviction.
That only Afghans
have the right and the responsibility
to lead their country.
And a larger U.S. Army
would not help to create or maintain
sustainable Afghan government.
I decided it was time to put an end to it.
To America's longest war.
It's time for U.S. troops to come home.
to come home.
A plane crashed into the World Trade Center
Trade Center this morning.
The U.S. military
launched attacks
against the Taliban regime
in Afghanistan.
Afghan women fear for their rights
for their rights
since the Americans decided to leave the country.
decided to leave the country.
The United States and the Taliban
signed an agreement
to end a conflict that has lasted more than two decades.
conflict that has lasted more than two decades.
Embassies in Kabul are closing
one after another.
Americans are being urgently evacuated.
evacuated on an emergency basis.
It's not just about Afghans.
It's about us and our safety.
our safety.
Taliban surround the capital
and threaten to invade the city
at any moment.
People all over Kabul
are in a panic.
KABUL EPISODE 1: THE FALL
FOUR MONTHS LATER
AFGHAN ARMY CHECKPOINT
JALALABAD ROAD
Fazal. a car is approaching.
They are civilians.
Check them.
Peace be with you. Commander.
We come from Mazar-e-Sharif.
The main roads are congested
are congested.
But I already knew this one.
- I am a merchant.
- Where are you going?
I worked for the Germans.
I will ask for help at your embassy.
Most embassies are closed.
are closed.
Go directly to the airport.
they have diplomatic missions there.
You should not stay here.
there are Taliban everywhere.
How far away?
They are on their way to Koh Daman.
but they can come all the way here.
- Good luck to you.
- May Allah protect you.
We will resume our positions.
They surround Kabul. but that doesn't mean they will attack.
they are going to attack.
But what will we do if we are attacked?
Do you really trust them?
ITALIAN ZONE - KABUL AIRPORT
Worked near Herat.
He manufactured carpets.
I had a small store in a bazaar
in a bazaar.
I was an informant for the Italian army
for 2 years between 2013 and 2015.
Later I found out that my father was sick.
father was sick.
So I had to return
with my family to Kunduz.
What type of informant?
I provide information on their movements.
On who supports them.
On the arrival of the Taliban
Taliban in the city.
All kinds of information.
Do you have any proof?
Can anyone confirm what you are telling me?
what you are telling me?
Do you have any documents?
Who was your contact?
Of course I have no proof.
If I had proof. I would have destroyed it.
I would have destroyed it.
Do you know what the Taliban do
do with traitors?
I just want a visa for my wife
and my four children. that's all.
If you have no proof.
why would the Taliban have it?
Do you realize what we have done for you?
we have done for you?
The risks we took. the sacrifices we made?
sacrifices we made?
Because we don't want the Taliban.
I know.
I'm sorry. but we can't give
give visas to everyone.
That is not my problem.
I am sorry.
Why do we trust you?
They come to my country and spoil everything.
It was already a disaster before
we arrived. don't you think?
It's okay.
Wait here. Wait here.
Colonel.
I will be there in five minutes.
Can we talk?
- Of course.
- Well...
I've been with this guy for 15 minutes.
But he doesn't want to hear anything.
He says he was an army informant.
But he has no proof.
I thought we should
give it a try...
Have you checked the records?
No. I do not have access to them.
Call Rome and ask them for access.
And when in doubt. ask your conscience
your conscience.
Does he look like he's lying or does he look honest?
I do not know.
If you don't know. don't do it for him.
Do it for them.
I can guarantee you one thing.
History will judge us for exhausting
this country at the expense of women.
- How long have you been here?
- Three months.
Have you already left the embassy?
You're just here to stamp visas.
aren't you?
You could have done it from Rome.
Next. please.
Is she always like this?
He spent three years in Syria
and two in Iraq.
Does that answer your question?
What is happening?
The hospital has 3 emergency generators
generators.
There is no risk.
Amina... Amina!
I reviewed little Nooria's file.
What is she still doing here?
His condition has not yet
stabilized.
On what basis do you say that?
We have 3 dialysis patients
sleeping in the hallway.
I would like to know why a perfectly
perfectly healthy patient
who received a transplant
six weeks ago.
Are you still in the hospital?
She does not tolerate anti-rejection
anti-rejection drugs.
I prefer to keep her under observation
a little longer.
So. do you suggest keeping
a patient who is nauseous?
in an apartment that is full to bursting?
full to bursting?
I want you to release it before
the end of the week.
- She is a dragon.
- You wanted to work with her.
If I become like her. shoot me.
How do you feel?
- Why haven't you eaten?
- I am not hungry.
My love...
Little girl. you have to eat.
Otherwise. you will not regain your strength.
I don't want to feel better.
I know you don't want to.
But you will have to return
to Kandahar soon.
But. Amina. all the other girls
girls are mean to me over there.
I'm sure you're exaggerating.
I'm just going to take your blood pressure.
okay?
The problem is not only
that women
are not allowed to leave
home without their husband.
According to the defense. Mr. Mohammad.
The problem is also not the fact
who want to replace
our courts
by the Islamic courts.
No. the problem is...
Who organized a terrorist attack on the Zarghona
at the Zarghona school.
And its connection to this act
has been clearly demonstrated
by the Prosecutor's Office.
I therefore request. Your Honor.
A 15-year prison sentence
for these men.
for aiding and abetting
this terrorist act.
It is unbelievable. It was requested
a sentence of 15 years.
And what did they get?
Only one year.
Baqir?
Sorry. I forgot everyone was coming today.
- Good evening. no problem.
- Sit down.
You will finally succeed in marrying Amina.
And do you forget the day you met
your fiancé?
Don't be stupid.
Pleased to meet you. ma'am.
Nice to meet you. Ghulam.
I've heard a lot about you.
- Who received only one year in prison?
- A Taliban terrorist.
Of course. no one wants to
to put them in jail
knowing that they will be in power
once the Americans
are gone.
Don't be pessimistic. We are going to fight.
You and your boys maybe. but
not the Afghan army.
They are corrupt to the core.
When will we meet your parents?
They would have liked to come.
But they could not leave
Kandahar
due to road blockades.
They send their apologies.
- What does your father think of the Taliban?
- Fazal.
Don't worry.
My father is very pious.
But it does not support the Taliban.
It doesn't matter. unless we leave the country.
- Soon we will live under their yoke.
- We will not leave the country. Dad.
Me neither.
Do you think they will let you work?
We are not going to start discussing
this for the tenth time.
The Taliban have changed since 1996.
They know this country needs doctors.
Ghulam. you are too young to know what
know what you are talking about.
The Taliban will never change.
Once they conquer Kabul. this country will become a hell.
will become a hell.
I'll go prepare dinner.
Amina. will you come with me?
How was your first transplant?
It was great.
At one point I held the
kidney in my hands
and still had a pulse.
Can you believe it?
And how is the patient?
She was exhausted by the operation.
But he's over it.
You should be proud.
I am proud of you.
My little kitty...
Where have you been?
The Taliban. the Americans...
The lists of people
to be killed...
The judges...
You don't care about any of that.
Record your message.
Hi. it's Dad.
I just wanted to tell you that soon
I will be back in France soon.
And I would love to see you.
Call me if you want.
EMBASSY OF FRANCE - GREEN ZONE
AUGUST 15. 2021.
Come on guys. let's hurry up!
Gilles...
What do we do with computers?
We did not receive any orders. but
if in doubt. destroy them.
We have no time to waste.
We have been burning files for two days.
- But we don't seem to be making any progress.
- So work even harder.
We can leave nothing behind.
Understood.
Irene What are you doing?
I will not leave this fish to the Taliban.
Yes. we will print visas for you.
But not because we are the
last open embassy
means that we must take care of
all those who
that other European countries do not want.
I understand. but I can't
work miracles.
I will call you back.
I have some very disturbing information.
Taliban captured Jalalabad and Pul-e-Charkhi prison
and Pul-e-Charkhi prison.
They released everyone.
Taliban of course.
But also common criminals.
And also ISIS.
Why did they do that?
They say it is a general amnesty.
But I think they want
ISIS to cause trouble.
I don't think the Taliban
will wait until the 31st
to enter the city.
- That was the deal.
- Yes. it was.
Do you think we should
close the embassy?
Yes. I think so.
No one is safe here anymore.
All right. I'll talk to Paris about
this and I'll keep you posted.
Have you heard about Pul-e-Charkhi?
The Taliban entered the prison.
All detainees were released.
You can't stay here anymore.
it's too dangerous.
Neither do you.
Zahara. you are a woman.
And there were about ten
of them condemned by you.
I am sure you are the first
head that will be cut off.
They will not reach Kabul as long as the Americans are here.
Americans are here.
Worst case scenario. my husband and I
and I have French visas.
They should all be on the plane by now.
What are you going to do?
I'm too old. Zahara.
But he is too young
to be executed.
I will retire. that will be enough for them.
And what will you do next?
I will pray morning and evening.
for me to be alive
when they are expelled from here.
Or dead if they return.
Vehicles are approaching.
Get in position!
- What are we going to do?
- Let's fight!
There are too many of them!
Hold your positions!
Fazal. this is suicide.
We are not enough.
Brother. it's no use.
We must flee.
- We are not going to give up like this.
- What do you want to do?
The two of you alone against the Taliban?
Lay down your arms. brothers.
Today is a beautiful day!
By the grace of Allah. all are
are forgiven.
Go home
and celebrate the victory of the Afghans
Afghans against the invader.
Are there 450 calories in this?
DINING ROOM - NATO ZONE
KABUL AIRPORT
Did they add flavor enhancer or something?
They should try to add
some flavor.
Thank you.
0.03 grams of salt.
If you lose a leg to a bomb.
You'll be glad your femoral artery
artery is not blocked.
The Taliban have invaded Kabul.
Americans say they will soon be at the presidential palace
they will be at the presidential palace
and they will be at the airport
a couple of hours.
We are on red alert. Grab your
We are evacuating.
One aircraft to leave Afghanistan
with the entire Italian diplomatic
Italian diplomatic delegation
in 3 hours.
Yes. how much time would that give us?
My security has just arrived.
Please call me as soon as possible.
They are heading to the Green Zone.
I spoke with General Mazuy.
They are in talks
with the United States
to send us 2 Chinook helicopters.
I will now destroy the encryption room
and less sensitive documents.
In less than one hour there will be no trace left
of the French presence in Afghanistan.
- I will prepare the evacuation.
- Yes.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani
announces that he has left
the country for his safety.
Taliban talk of a peaceful transfer of power in Kabul
of power in Kabul.
while they have already taken possession
of the presidential palace.
Confusion reigns inside
the city.
What a fucking bastard!
How can you abandon us like this?
Are you really surprised?
He leaves with his pockets full.
just like those of the government.
What did you think I was going to do?
The Taliban are already in
the presidential palace.
If he had not left...
What would have become of him?
When you run a country and you have
a little bit of honor...
You fight to the end.
- It doesn't even ring.
- I'm sure everything is fine.
I heard they were not fighting.
Is Baqir at home?
I hope he's packing
your things.
My things have been packed
for a long time.
I will take you home.
Are you kidding me?
They said 2 Chinooks and they send us this?
Shit. we can't fit more than ten people in there.
First we will evacuate the diplomats.
You. me and the police will wait for
for the next helicopter.
If they know that there is still a diplomat
in Kabul. they will have to...
No. we will evacuate the diplomats.
you first.
No. I am the captain
of this ship.
I am not abandoning my team. I will stay.
He is not abandoning anyone. The Taliban
are invading the Green Zone.
If you know that there is still
a French ambassador.
will put everyone in danger.
Including the Afghans
we are trying to protect.
Go ahead and put this on.
- Put this on.
- Okay.
Get in that helicopter.
It's my responsibility. okay?
It will be more useful at the airport
looking for a way
how to come and pick us up.
Let's go.
First the embassy staff.
See you at the airport
before it gets dark.
- I promise.
- Go for it!
Let's go. let's go.
Aren't they going to send more helicopters?
I do not know.
Die! Francois!
I want the embassy to be secure.
I want a rotation at the gates
and get the Afghans to safety.
We also need to make an
inventory of the food
- Yes. boss.
- All right. all right. all right.
Hurry up. Zahara!
Hurry up!
- Amina.
- Dad. how are you?
We will go to the French Embassy.
Come with us. Tell Ghulam to come
too. we can't stay here.
- If you want to get killed. stay!
- Do you have any news from Fazal?
Yes. it's fine. just like your mother.
My daughter. come with us.
We don't have a minute to lose.
I will not leave.
I don't even have a visa.
Don't worry. we'll take care of it.
Come with us to France.
Take it easy. Dad.
I'll call you back.
Why did you tell him you had
news from Fazal?
I didn't want him to worry even more.
Hurry up. they have invaded the neighborhood.
- They are coming here.
- They are looking for you.
Zahara. hurry up.
- Is there an emergency exit?
- Come with us.
- No.
- Rafi!
Don't be ridiculous. Let's go to the
French embassy and...
I told you. Zahara. I'm too old.
Too old and too weak.
Go away. I will delay you.
It was a real honor to work with
by your side all these years.
I'm telling you for real.
May Allah protect you.
And the prosecutor?
Where is she?
- I don't know.
- Take charge.
Don't make fun of me.
Who are you?
Your husband? answer!
Hold it.
Why are you hitting me?
There is no one!
- Tell us where they are.
- I am an older man.
I do not know anything.
I do not know where they are.
This is what Sharia law mandates to do with
to do with infidels.
"The punishment of those who fight
against Allah and His Messenger
and who strive to spread
corruption on earth.
Orders that they must die
or be crucified. or have their hands amputated
their hands amputated
and feet on opposite sides.
or be banished from our lands.
our lands.
That will be your misfortune
in this world.
And in the hereafter.
A huge punishment will await them."
FEDERAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
COLOGNE - GERMANY
- Markus.
- If you come to yell at me
for Kabul. it's not my fault.
I have been telling Berlin
to Berlin
that everyone should be evacuated
as quickly as possible.
- No one is listening.
- Let me go back.
In case you didn't know.
We are taking our men out of the country.
we're not taking them back.
General Hassan is unreachable.
He is the devil himself
according to the Taliban.
We have to get him out of there.
- Vera. you are no longer useful there.
- He saved my life.
Markus...
He saved my life.
And not only that.
What he did in Kapissa...
He rebuilt hospitals. built
schools for girls.
- I know. Vera.
- General Hassan
is the future of this country.
I know the terrain.
You said it yourself: Germany
is not doing what it should.
Let me help us save face.
appearances.
Suppose the face of Germany
is in your hands.
Last I heard. you weren't ready to fight.
ready to fight.
If you have any doubts. please read
my psychological reports.
I take more medication.
I am doing well.
Please.
Let me find Hassan.
Do you think we can reach Panjshir?
This is our only hope.
And that of the country.
Who are you calling?
An American who could help us get there.
help us get there.
Which American?
We did a mission together 2 years ago.
What mission?
In any case. it does not respond.
You are wasting your time.
The Americans
have abandoned us.
I will call my father.
Hello?
Hello. Dad.
Thank God for that.
I was unable to communicate with you.
My son! Where are you?
Come with us.
to the French Embassy.
- How is Amina?
- She is safe in the hospital.
I am heading to Bagram.
We made it through the roadblocks.
the roadblocks.
They arrived very quickly.
I couldn't do anything.
You fought for your country. you did
the best you could.
You have nothing to be ashamed of. but. like us. you are in danger.
just like us. you are in danger.
You can't stay in Afghanistan.
This is my country. Dad.
I can't leave it.
The Taliban have won. Fazal.
There is nothing more to do.
I go to Panjshir with Suliman.
You are crazy!
The world's largest army
with an international coalition
coalition never succeeded in defeating them.
What will you do in Panjshir?
It is suicide.
Take care of mom.
She is in danger.
The Taliban have invaded Kabul.
No road is safe.
How will you get to Panjshir?
Fazal. can you hear me?
Forget it and come with us
at the French Embassy.
It is still open.
- I love you. daddy.
- Put him on.
Your mother wants to talk to you.
Not now. I will call her.
Be careful.
Here we go.
Mom. we will only make one stop in Doha.
Is that okay?
ITALIAN ZONE - KABUL AIRPORT
I think I will be in Rome
the day after tomorrow.
Mom. we are at the airport.
We are safe here. there is no risk.
We really don't know. It seems that they invaded the city
invaded the city.
But the U.S. military is everywhere here.
everywhere here. We are safe.
Listen. I really have to go.
I will call you when I am in Doha.
Yes. Mom. I know.
I know. I know.
I love you too.
Goodbye.
Rome wants me out of here.
We lost an ambassador to the Congo.
They don't want to take any risks.
which is normal.
But we need a diplomatic
diplomatic presence.
It is true.
I can do it. Mr. Ambassador.
Hundreds of people had to be evacuated
had to be evacuated.
It is not up to you and your soldiers to
soldiers to take care of them.
I can stay here with Massini.
To make sure everyone is ready and
are ready and...
No one can say what will happen.
Rome will never leave a woman
in charge in such a hostile situation.
This is an absurd concern.
There are soldiers everywhere.
It would be a symbolic way of
affirm our principles.
Your courage is a merit
yours. Francesca.
But this is out of the question.
- What do we do then?
- Yes.
- Giovanni will stay.
- What?
- Excuse me... What?
- You're the one for the job.
I mean. I don't know if...
The only thing you have to do here.
It is to review the applications.
Colonel Massini will bring them to you.
It's only a matter of days
and you will be fully protected.
I disagree.
It is absurd to give such an important job
so important
a young diplomat who never left his
left his office in Rome.
No disrespect intended....
No. no.
If you need anything else
contact us.
We will be by your side.
You are now the official Italian
Italian official
in Afghanistan.
Believe me. it will help your career.
FRENCH ZONE. KABUL AIRPORT.
Not even NATO can guarantee
that we will be able to...
To fly again over Kabul.
Thank you.
Yes? Yes.
Balard is negotiating with
the Americans
to send special forces to you.
I will try to speak to
them directly.
But for now we must hold on.
We will do everything we can
to get you out of there.
Yes. I understand.
Well...
The Americans were also taken by surprise.
taken by surprise.
Thousands of people need to be evacuated
evacuated from the airport.
They will not be able to help us immediately.
- What about the special forces?
- He's working that out.
We are not safe here.
We have to leave.
It has not yet been decided.
What would happen if hundreds of Taliban
hundreds of Taliban?
What do we do?
They have other priorities
at the moment.
How do you know?
The Afghans are safe
near the garden.
Very good.
Yes. if they have a visa. they can
come to the embassy.
We are still here.
The doors remain open.
- Be careful.
- Have you lost your mind?
We can't even evacuate
people out of here...
And you bring more?
This is crazy.
No one is safe here anymore.
They worked for us.
Their lives are in danger.
And we are responsible
for your safety.
Not in exchange for ours.
I am in charge of security at the embassy. so let's be clear.
embassy. so let's be clear.
I am not going to justify the decisions
I make.
Let's go.
Hello. Monica.
I will only be gone for a week.
No. I can't tell you where. you know that.
I promise.
It's okay. I love you too.
- Goodbye.
-Does the press know about this?
It should not take long to do so.
- The Bundeswher's headquarters will love it.
will love it. - What's up?
Most of our planes return empty.
return empty.
The last one brought only 7 Afghans.
How pathetic.
- Your car is here.
- Impressive.
Giovanni.
My last cigarette in Kabul.
It's funny. isn't it?
You were afraid to go out.
and now it is the outside
that comes to you.
Here. take them.
You're going to need them more than I do.
I just wanted to stay and
complete my mission.
It's not that I didn't trust you.
You say that so I don't fall apart.
If things go wrong. you can always
you can always hide.
There is a hole behind
of our containers
protected by a hatch.
You will simply have to crawl inside.
I'm kidding.
There is no hole.
there is no hiding place.
But our army is here.
Everything will be fine.
By the grace of Allah. we have
liberated this country
of the U.S. oppressor.
The government has fled and we are the
are the supreme authority.
Now the mujahideen
are in charge.
They will be able to continue
their patients.
We are here to help you
to work.
We will introduce new rules.
but for now.
Take care of your patients.
I'd rather die than work for you!
than work for you!
- Get back to work!
- Leave her alone.
Back to work!
What's going on?
Are the Taliban here?
A nurse said
that they had arrived.
Yes. they are here. but don't worry.
no one will hurt you.
- Are you going to abandon me?
- Of course not.
The nurses say they are leaving.
Honey. I'm a doctor. I'm not going
anywhere. Okay?
Tell me again. what is your favorite song?
"Rashaa Janana" by Aryana Sayeed.
I will be back soon.
How are you doing?
Are you tired?
We have to drive as far
we can tonight.
It will be harder for us to go unnoticed tomorrow.
unnoticed tomorrow.
The embassy is here.
we made it.
Wait for me here.
Did the French leave?
No. they just closed the door.
- We were told it was open.
- The Taliban are closing in.
But we have visas.
So do we. what do you think?
- How could this happen?
- Yes. that is true.
They spread the word.
It is the only place where
they can take refuge.
We must disperse the crowd.
We have no idea what the Taliban can do.
Taliban can do.
We have to let them in.
If the Taliban take over the embassy.
We could end up
in a hostage situation.
Gilles. the doors must remain
remain closed
or half the city will be on our doorstep.
at our gates.
Agreed.
The doors remain closed.
I repeat. they remain closed.
Still awake?
Yes.
I was thirsty. but I couldn't find a bottle of water.
a bottle of water.
And...? Did you find one?
Where are the Taliban now?
They have invaded the entire city.
Mr. Consul.
Yes.
Really?
And we need the consul here.
Go and rest.
A new wave of refugees is expected
expected tomorrow morning.
When I was twelve years old.
I was the best student
in my class.
My teachers wanted me to study in Kabul.
to study in Kabul.
They said it would end
at a U.S. university
such as Yale or Harvard.
My parents had no money.
What would this country have become if
Suliman Rassouli...?
Would I have gone to Yale or Harvard?
- What's going on?
- Look over there.
- Who did you see?
- Mohammad.
The Taliban you condemned?
If you come back you will recognize me.
What do we do?
- We cannot stay here.
- We have no choice.
What's up?
Americans?
Are there any Americans left here?
What are they doing here?
We are farmers.
We were going to the market in Kabul. but
we decided to return home.
What's in the trunk?
Weapons...
Open the trunk.
It's closed... Open it!
Sulleiman!
Translated and adapted by Thannatos.
For the NNF and Subdivx Community